feat: Attendance Status and some enhancements (#179)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-application.md

To understand how ERPNext allows you configure leaves for employees, check [Leaves](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-management-intro/).

### 3.2 Remaining Half Day Status
> Introduced in Version 13

> After Version 12, ERPNext started tracking the remaining half day status. On checking Half Day, Field **Remaining Half day Status** will appear, where you can select the Present or Absent Attendance Status for the remaining half day. During Approval of Leave Application, Attendance for Half Day Date with Remaining Half Day Status Will be created Automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ERPNext version 13, you can track the remaining half-day status. On selecting Half Day [Attendance Status](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/attendance-status), a field called **Remaining Half Day Status** will be shown, where you can select the Attendance Status as "Present" or "Absent" for the remaining half day. During the approval of the Leave Application, attendance will be automatically created for the date on which the Half Day was taken. The status of the marked attendance will be the same as the status set in the "Remaining Half Day Status" field.
```
